In this video, you will learn
to describe the OWASP
Top 10 tests,
when and why they are used,
and where to get help from
outside organizations.
Another methodology,
another best practice
that most of the web
applications need to follow,
here is the OWASP Top 10 process.
So if you're dealing
with a webpage,
if you're dealing
with web application,
if you are dealing with
actually not necessarily
a web application,
but if you are dealing
with applications at all,
you could use the OWASP Top 10,
and it start performing test
of each of the sections that
the organization will
have on their website.
So basically OWASP, we will see
here a lot of
information on OWASP.
If you go to Google and put
OWASP on the search bar,
you will go to the
owasp.org link,
and you will get a lot
of information regarding
these organization
that will help you
when you are trying
to perform a test
into your web application.
Actually, there is also a lot of
information for
mobile applications too.
So for example, if
you go to download,
you will see a lot
of categories here.
So for example, let's go to
the OWASP Top 10 project here.
You will see that the top 10
for 2017, it's now available.
So here you will load the report
with all the different
information for
the top 10 vulnerability
for the web applications
on the last 2-3 years since 2017.
So for example, we have as
the Number 1 injection.
So if we go to page Number 7,
here is an example of
what is injection?
What is the process to
get information for
the system using
SQL injection for example?
What are the attackers scenarios?
What is that you need to
perform in the system in order to
know if your system is
prompt or is vulnerable
to injection?
You have, for example,
broken authentication,
sensitive data exposure, you have
a lot of things to prove.
Again, if you go to
the main website,
you will see a lot of
the OWASP or something
else known as the checklist.
It's a document where you
will get a lot of document,
a lot of controls that you
will need to implement,
you will need to have on
your web applications
in order to ensure that
your web app is fully secure.